251 Add a getting started vignette (#300)
insightsengineering/teal.modules.hermes: vignettes/Getting_Started.Rmd

---
title: "Getting Started"
package: teal.modules.hermes

> author:
>   - name: Daniel Sabanés Bové
>     email: daniel.sabanes_bove@roche.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
let's skip authors, as we work on this as a team

output:
  BiocStyle::html_document:
    toc_float: true
vignette: |
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Getting Started}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
editor_options:
  chunk_output_type: console
---

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>"
)

library(teal.modules.hermes)
```

# Introduction

> `teal.modules.hermes` is a package implementing a number of `teal` modules for the exploration of `RNAseq` counts data. In addition of pre set modules, `teal.modules.hermes` enables quick and easy ad-hoc module creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`teal.modules.hermes` is a package implementing a number of `teal` modules for the exploration of RNA-sequencing counts data. In addition to predefined modules, `teal.modules.hermes` enables quick and easy ad-hoc module creation.
```
